Chore: Explain in the changelog that session replay is for registered users (#3908)
getsentry/sentry-cocoa: CHANGELOG.md

### Features

- Add Session Replay, which is **still experimental**. (#3625)

> To get access, it requires adding your Sentry org to our feature flag. This way data can be ingested and displayed in Sentry.
> [Please let us know on the waitlist if you're interested](https://sentry.io/lp/mobile-replay-beta/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Access is limited to early access orgs on Sentry. If you're interested, [sign up for the waitlist](https://sentry.io/lp/mobile-replay-beta/)
```
